# Inventory Management Application
Example Spring-Boot project for an inventory management application that may be used in a distribution center

This application is an example of an inventory management application created using Spring-Boot and Thymeleaf. This project also integrates with the Spring Security framework to exemplify how users and user-roles may be used in an application to separate duties, roles, and privileges. Thymeleaf template engine is used for the view layer of this application, which also integrates with Spring Security for more effecient use of the written HTML files. In order to aid in the user experience of this application, a small amount of JavaScript accompanies the Thymeleaf rendered HTML to keep the view layer dynamic, only fully fetching pages when necessary. During development an H2 in-memeory database was untilized until the application logic was developed enough to make the switch to a local MySQL instance. This migration was aided by Flyway migrations to keep the application logic and the database schema in sync. The application allows users to document products in their inventory, categories these products may fall into, and orders associated with receiving and sending these products. There are three, hierarchical user roles defined in the application with escalating privileges. Users are able to view products and document orders, but not delete them; Editors can view and create/update products, orders, and product categories; and Admins can view, update, and delete all of the previous in addition to other Users. 
